[Maps][docs] Provide detail sections for map features listed in overview page (#54377)
elastic/kibana: docs/maps/index.asciidoc

> * Create maps with multiple layers and indices.

Author: Can you clarify which sentence you would like to see removed?

> * Create maps with multiple layers and indices.

Reviewer: Oops.  Just reviewed the content and it is ok as is.

* Upload GeoJSON files into Elasticsearch.
* Embed your map in dashboards.
* Use data driven styling to symbolize features from data values.
* Focus the data you want to display with searches.

> *Ready to get started?* Start your tour of *Elastic Maps* with the <<maps-getting-started, getting started tutorial>>.

Reviewer: The placement of this link here still feels awkward to me.

[float]
=== Create maps with multiple layers and indices
You can use multiple layers and indices to show all your data in a single map. This enables your map to show how data sits relative to physical features like weather patterns, human-made features like international borders, and business-specific features like sales regions. You can plot individual documents or use aggregations to play any data set, no matter how large.

[role="screenshot"]
image::maps/images/sample_data_ecommerce.png[]

[float]
=== Upload GeoJSON files into Elasticsearch
Elastic Maps makes it easy to import geospatial data into the Elastic Stack. Using the GeoJSON Upload feature, you can drag and drop your point and shape data files directly into Elasticsearch, and then use them as layers in the map.

[float]
=== Embed your map in dashboards
Viewing data from different angles provides better insights. Dimensions that are obscured in one visualization might be illuminated in another. Add your map to a dashboard and view your geospatial data alongside bar charts, pie charts, tag clouds, and more.

> In the following example, a choropleth map showing San Diego non-emergency service request density by council district is embedded in a dashboard to better understand when services are requested and gain insight into the top requested services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, a choropleth map shows San Diego non-emergency service request density by council district.  This map is embedded in a dashboard to help users better understand when services are requested and gain insight into the top requested services.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::maps/images/embed_in_dashboard.jpeg[]

[float]
=== Use data driven styling to symbolize features from data values
You can customize each layer to highlight meaningful dimensions in your data. For example, you can use dark colors to symbolize areas with more web log traffic, and lighter colors to symbolize areas with less traffic. .

[float]
=== Focus the data you want to display with searches
Use the search bar for real-time search for all of your Elasticsearch layers. Draw a polygon on the map or use the shape from features to create spatial filters to narrow search results to documents that either intersect with, are within, or do not intersect with the specified geometry. Filter individual layers to compares facets.

> 

Reviewer: Let's talk about the last two sections.  I'd like to see descriptions tie better to the titles.

* Create maps with multiple layers and indices.
* Upload GeoJSON files into Elasticsearch.
* Embed your map in Dashboards.
* Create choropleth maps.
* Use data driven styling to symbolize features from data values.
* Focus the data you want to display with searches.

> Start your tour of *Elastic Maps* with the <<maps-getting-started, getting started tutorial>>.

Reviewer: Let's figure out a for this not to get lost after the bulleted list.   What about moving it to the end and including some bold:

**Ready to get started?** Start your tour of *Elastic Maps* with the <<maps-getting-started, getting started tutorial>>.

Author: Maybe I should move the first image that separates the bulleted list from the header sections and move it under the `Create maps with multiple layers and indices` header?

Reviewer: Yes, give it a try and see how it works.

[role="screenshot"]
image::maps/images/sample_data_ecommerce.png[]

[float]
=== Create maps with multiple layers and indices
Context is a force multiplier for spatial analysis, revealing how and where data sits relative to physical features like weather patterns, human-made features like international borders, and business-specific features like sales regions.

> Create maps with multiple layers and indices to show all of your data in a single map. Plot individual documents or use aggregations to plot any data set, no matter how large.

Reviewer: "context is a force multiplier for spatial analysis" is difficult to parse.  Is that content needed?   

You can use multiple layers and indices to show all your data in a single map.  This enables your map to show how data sits relative to physical features like weather patterns, human-made features like international borders, and business-specific features like sales regions.  You can plot individual documents or use aggregations to play any data set, no matter how large.

[float]
=== Upload GeoJSON files into Elasticsearch
Elastic Maps makes it easy to import geospatial data into the Elastic Stack. Using the GeoJSON Upload feature, you can drag and drop your point and shape data files directly into Elasticsearch, and then use them as layers in the map.

[float]

> === Embed your map in Dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Embed your map in dashboards
```

> Viewing your data from different angles provides better insights. Dimensions that are obscured in one visualization may be illuminated from another. Add your maps to a dashboard and view your geospatial data alongside bar charts, pie charts, tag clouds, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viewing your data from different angles provides better insights. Dimensions that are obscured in one visualization might be illuminated in another. Add your maps to a dashboard and view your geospatial data alongside bar charts, pie charts, tag clouds, and more.
```

[float]
=== Create choropleth maps

> Plotting millions of individual documents on a map does not provide a lot of value. Documents overlap each other, making it difficult to extract insights.

Reviewer: Suggest removing this para because it is a negative.

> Choropleth maps are an ideal solution for visualizing big data sets. Choropleth maps provide a way to group documents into logical sets and visually compare and contrast metrics across groups allowing you to easily detect patterns. Choropleth maps shade areas in proportion to metric values and are commonly used to visualize population statistics such as race, age or political affiliation across geopolitical boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choropleth maps are an ideal solution for visualizing big data sets. Choropleth maps provide a way to group documents into logical sets and visually compare and contrast metrics across groups, allowing you to easily detect patterns. Choropleth maps shade areas in proportion to metric values and are commonly used to visualize population statistics such as race, age, or political affiliation across geopolitical boundaries.
```

[float]
=== Use data driven styling to symbolize features from data values

> Customize each layer to highlight meaningful dimensions in your data. For example, use dark colors to symbolize areas with more web log traffic, and lighter colors to sybmolize areas with less traffic. Use larger circles to symbolize areas with more total bytes transferred, and smaller circles to symbolize areas with less bytes transferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize each layer to highlight meaningful dimensions in your data. For example, you can use dark colors to symbolize areas with more web log traffic, and lighter colors to symbolize areas with less traffic. .
```

Notes:

- Include the wording data-driven styling.  Otherwise, I don't see the connection.
- I didn't think the second example was necessary

[float]

> === Focus the data you want to display with searches

Reviewer: Once you do a search, what happens?  What does the map show?  Only the data in that search area?

Also, try to match the tone of the other paragraphs in this para
